androidx/transition/R.java
 androidx.transition.R
 androidx.transition.R$attr
 androidx.transition.R$color
 androidx.transition.R$dimen
 androidx.transition.R$drawable
 androidx.transition.R$id
 androidx.transition.R$integer
 androidx.transition.R$layout
 androidx.transition.R$string
 androidx.transition.R$style
 androidx.transition.R$styleable
androidx/print/R.java
 androidx.print.R
androidx/cursoradapter/R.java
 androidx.cursoradapter.R
androidx/vectordrawable/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$styleable
com/laotie/usbcameratest/MainActivity.java
 com.laotie.usbcameratest.MainActivity
 com.laotie.usbcameratest.MainActivity$1
 com.laotie.usbcameratest.MainActivity$2
 com.laotie.usbcameratest.MainActivity$2$1
 com.laotie.usbcameratest.MainActivity$2$1$1
 com.laotie.usbcameratest.MainActivity$2$2
 com.laotie.usbcameratest.MainActivity$2$2$1
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/core/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
com/laotie/usbcameratest/BuildConfig.java
 com.laotie.usbcameratest.BuildConfig
androidx/cardview/R.java
 androidx.cardview.R
 androidx.cardview.R$attr
 androidx.cardview.R$color
 androidx.cardview.R$dimen
 androidx.cardview.R$style
 androidx.cardview.R$styleable
androidx/coordinatorlayout/R.java
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$attr
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$color
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$id
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$integer
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$layout
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$string
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$style
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable
androidx/swiperefreshlayout/R.java
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$attr
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$color
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$id
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$integer
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$layout
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$string
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$style
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable
androidx/appcompat/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.R
 androidx.appcompat.R$anim
 androidx.appcompat.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.R$bool
 androidx.appcompat.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.R$interpolator
 androidx.appcompat.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.R$styleable
androidx/appcompat/resources/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.R
androidx/legacy/coreui/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.R
com/serenegiant/usbcameracommon/R.java
 com.serenegiant.usbcameracommon.R
 com.serenegiant.usbcameracommon.R$anim
 com.serenegiant.usbcameracommon.R$animator
 com.serenegiant.usbcameracommon.R$attr
 com.serenegiant.usbcameracommon.R$bool
 com.serenegiant.usbcameracommon.R$color
 com.serenegiant.usbcameracommon.R$dimen
 com.serenegiant.usbcameracommon.R$drawable
 com.serenegiant.usbcameracommon.R$id
 com.serenegiant.usbcameracommon.R$integer
 com.serenegiant.usbcameracommon.R$interpolator
 com.serenegiant.usbcameracommon.R$layout
 com.serenegiant.usbcameracommon.R$mipmap
 com.serenegiant.usbcameracommon.R$plurals
 com.serenegiant.usbcameracommon.R$raw
 com.serenegiant.usbcameracommon.R$string
 com.serenegiant.usbcameracommon.R$style
 com.serenegiant.usbcameracommon.R$styleable
 com.serenegiant.usbcameracommon.R$xml
androidx/arch/core/R.java
 androidx.arch.core.R
androidx/documentfile/R.java
 androidx.documentfile.R
androidx/fragment/R.java
 androidx.fragment.R
 androidx.fragment.R$attr
 androidx.fragment.R$color
 androidx.fragment.R$dimen
 androidx.fragment.R$drawable
 androidx.fragment.R$id
 androidx.fragment.R$integer
 androidx.fragment.R$layout
 androidx.fragment.R$string
 androidx.fragment.R$style
 androidx.fragment.R$styleable
androidx/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.savedstate.R
androidx/customview/R.java
 androidx.customview.R
 androidx.customview.R$attr
 androidx.customview.R$color
 androidx.customview.R$dimen
 androidx.customview.R$drawable
 androidx.customview.R$id
 androidx.customview.R$integer
 androidx.customview.R$layout
 androidx.customview.R$string
 androidx.customview.R$style
 androidx.customview.R$styleable
androidx/asynclayoutinflater/R.java
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$attr
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$color
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$drawable
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$id
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$integer
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$layout
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$string
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$style
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable
androidx/loader/R.java
 androidx.loader.R
 androidx.loader.R$attr
 androidx.loader.R$color
 androidx.loader.R$dimen
 androidx.loader.R$drawable
 androidx.loader.R$id
 androidx.loader.R$integer
 androidx.loader.R$layout
 androidx.loader.R$string
 androidx.loader.R$style
 androidx.loader.R$styleable
androidx/legacy/coreutils/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$styleable
com/google/android/material/R.java
 com.google.android.material.R
 com.google.android.material.R$anim
 com.google.android.material.R$animator
 com.google.android.material.R$attr
 com.google.android.material.R$bool
 com.google.android.material.R$color
 com.google.android.material.R$dimen
 com.google.android.material.R$drawable
 com.google.android.material.R$id
 com.google.android.material.R$integer
 com.google.android.material.R$interpolator
 com.google.android.material.R$layout
 com.google.android.material.R$plurals
 com.google.android.material.R$string
 com.google.android.material.R$style
 com.google.android.material.R$styleable
 com.google.android.material.R$xml
com/laotie/uvccamera/R.java
 com.laotie.uvccamera.R
 com.laotie.uvccamera.R$anim
 com.laotie.uvccamera.R$animator
 com.laotie.uvccamera.R$attr
 com.laotie.uvccamera.R$bool
 com.laotie.uvccamera.R$color
 com.laotie.uvccamera.R$dimen
 com.laotie.uvccamera.R$drawable
 com.laotie.uvccamera.R$id
 com.laotie.uvccamera.R$integer
 com.laotie.uvccamera.R$interpolator
 com.laotie.uvccamera.R$layout
 com.laotie.uvccamera.R$plurals
 com.laotie.uvccamera.R$string
 com.laotie.uvccamera.R$style
 com.laotie.uvccamera.R$styleable
 com.laotie.uvccamera.R$xml
androidx/interpolator/R.java
 androidx.interpolator.R
androidx/core/R.java
 androidx.core.R
 androidx.core.R$attr
 androidx.core.R$color
 androidx.core.R$dimen
 androidx.core.R$drawable
 androidx.core.R$id
 androidx.core.R$integer
 androidx.core.R$layout
 androidx.core.R$string
 androidx.core.R$style
 androidx.core.R$styleable
com/laotie/usbcameratest/AspectRatioViewInterface.java
 com.laotie.usbcameratest.AspectRatioViewInterface
androidx/activity/R.java
 androidx.activity.R
 androidx.activity.R$attr
 androidx.activity.R$color
 androidx.activity.R$dimen
 androidx.activity.R$drawable
 androidx.activity.R$id
 androidx.activity.R$integer
 androidx.activity.R$layout
 androidx.activity.R$string
 androidx.activity.R$style
 androidx.activity.R$styleable
androidx/slidingpanelayout/R.java
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$attr
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$color
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$drawable
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$id
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$integer
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$layout
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$string
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$style
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable
androidx/recyclerview/R.java
 androidx.recyclerview.R
 androidx.recyclerview.R$attr
 androidx.recyclerview.R$color
 androidx.recyclerview.R$dimen
 androidx.recyclerview.R$drawable
 androidx.recyclerview.R$id
 androidx.recyclerview.R$integer
 androidx.recyclerview.R$layout
 androidx.recyclerview.R$string
 androidx.recyclerview.R$style
 androidx.recyclerview.R$styleable
com/laotie/usbcameratest/R.java
 com.laotie.usbcameratest.R
 com.laotie.usbcameratest.R$anim
 com.laotie.usbcameratest.R$animator
 com.laotie.usbcameratest.R$attr
 com.laotie.usbcameratest.R$bool
 com.laotie.usbcameratest.R$color
 com.laotie.usbcameratest.R$dimen
 com.laotie.usbcameratest.R$drawable
 com.laotie.usbcameratest.R$id
 com.laotie.usbcameratest.R$integer
 com.laotie.usbcameratest.R$interpolator
 com.laotie.usbcameratest.R$layout
 com.laotie.usbcameratest.R$mipmap
 com.laotie.usbcameratest.R$plurals
 com.laotie.usbcameratest.R$raw
 com.laotie.usbcameratest.R$string
 com.laotie.usbcameratest.R$style
 com.laotie.usbcameratest.R$styleable
 com.laotie.usbcameratest.R$xml
com/laotie/usbcameratest/widget/SimpleUVCCameraTextureView.java
 com.laotie.usbcameratest.widget.SimpleUVCCameraTextureView
androidx/preference/R.java
 androidx.preference.R
 androidx.preference.R$anim
 androidx.preference.R$attr
 androidx.preference.R$bool
 androidx.preference.R$color
 androidx.preference.R$dimen
 androidx.preference.R$drawable
 androidx.preference.R$id
 androidx.preference.R$integer
 androidx.preference.R$layout
 androidx.preference.R$string
 androidx.preference.R$style
 androidx.preference.R$styleable
androidx/drawerlayout/R.java
 androidx.drawerlayout.R
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$attr
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$color
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$id
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$integer
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$layout
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$string
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$style
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$styleable
androidx/versionedparcelable/R.java
 androidx.versionedparcelable.R
androidx/viewpager/R.java
 androidx.viewpager.R
 androidx.viewpager.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager.R$color
 androidx.viewpager.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager.R$id
 androidx.viewpager.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager.R$string
 androidx.viewpager.R$style
 androidx.viewpager.R$styleable
androidx/localbroadcastmanager/R.java
 androidx.localbroadcastmanager.R
androidx/media/R.java
 androidx.media.R
 androidx.media.R$attr
 androidx.media.R$color
 androidx.media.R$dimen
 androidx.media.R$drawable
 androidx.media.R$id
 androidx.media.R$integer
 androidx.media.R$layout
 androidx.media.R$string
 androidx.media.R$style
 androidx.media.R$styleable
io/reactivex/android/R.java
 io.reactivex.android.R
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
com/serenegiant/common/R.java
 com.serenegiant.common.R
 com.serenegiant.common.R$anim
 com.serenegiant.common.R$animator
 com.serenegiant.common.R$attr
 com.serenegiant.common.R$bool
 com.serenegiant.common.R$color
 com.serenegiant.common.R$dimen
 com.serenegiant.common.R$drawable
 com.serenegiant.common.R$id
 com.serenegiant.common.R$integer
 com.serenegiant.common.R$layout
 com.serenegiant.common.R$mipmap
 com.serenegiant.common.R$string
 com.serenegiant.common.R$style
 com.serenegiant.common.R$styleable
androidx/legacy/v4/R.java
 androidx.legacy.v4.R
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$color
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$id
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$string
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$style
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$styleable
androidx/vectordrawable/animated/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$styleable
androidx/viewpager2/R.java
 androidx.viewpager2.R
 androidx.viewpager2.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager2.R$color
 androidx.viewpager2.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager2.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager2.R$id
 androidx.viewpager2.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager2.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager2.R$string
 androidx.viewpager2.R$style
 androidx.viewpager2.R$styleable
